Improve docs and add more information related with blocks (#7865)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/frontend-dev-guide/layouts/xml-manage.md

</block>
```

{:.bs-callout-info}

> The `template` attribute should declare with specific module: Example template="<VendorName>_<ModuleName>::path-to-template.phtml". Follow this approach will avoid fails render template and easier for developer can find and navigate to file template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `template` attribute should be declared with the name of the module it belongs to: Example `template="<VendorName>_<ModuleName>::path-to-template.phtml"`. Following this approach will avoid fails upon template rendering and make it easier for the developer to find and navigate to file template.
```

> The `template` attribute should declare with specific module: Example template="<VendorName>_<ModuleName>::path-to-template.phtml". Follow this approach will avoid fails render template and easier for developer can find and navigate to file template.

Reviewer 2: Further clarity recommendation
```suggestion
The `template` attribute should be declared with the name of the module it belongs to, eg. `template="<VendorName>_<ModuleName>::path-to-template.phtml"`. Following this approach will avoid failures upon template rendering and make it easier for the developer to find and navigate to the template file.```
